# Switch Event forwarding configuration Ruby API

Switch Event forwarding configuration Ruby API is a 
API set to add/remove an event forwarding entry to 
Switch Manager and Switch Daemons.

The types of switch event which can be forwarded are:
:vendor, :packet_in, :port_stat, and :state_notify.

Configuring event forwarding entry on a Switch Daemon will change 
where the event of specified type will be forwarded to
on the specified Switch.

Configuring event forwarding entry on a Switch Manager will change 
where the event of specified type will be forwarded to
on all newly connected Switch after configuration.

In another words, configuring Switch Daemon will change the behavior of 
existing switches, and configuring Switch Manager will change the behavior 
of switches which may appear in the future.

These API can be used when: 
* Adding another controller to mirror events for debugging purpose.
* Letting a controller, which was started afterwards, to listen on existing switch's events.
* Removing controller which was listening on events for debugging purpose.
* Replacing the controller which is handling switch event type.
* One needs to check which controller is handling certain event type.

Please see the YARD generated document for each API details.

Note that these APIs will only change where each event is forwarded, 
and it will **not** emulate any switch events, which normally occurs when a 
switch is connected to or disconnected from a controller.
* swich_ready event will **not** be generated by adding an entry to existing switch.
* disconnected event will **not** be generated by removing an entry from existing switch.

# Switch Event forwarding configuration C API

There is also a C APIs for Switch Event forwarding configuration. 
Please see the C APIs declared in [trema]/src/lib/event_forward_interface.h 
header file, and usage examples "add_forward_entry", "delete_forward_entry", 
"dump_forward_entries", and "set_forward_entries" for their details.  

 
